README.md, before:

# about

This repo is here to coordinate hacking on the Biketown APIs. Aside from making cool apps and visualizations, the goal is to recognize how Biketown can be used to increase accessibility to transit for all of Portland.

Because this is Portland, this project is meant for all. A code of conduct is implied and should be explicitly specified soon. This project isn't just limited to developers; please ask questions as a github issue or reach out on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/tedder42)/[email](mailto:admin@biketown.bike).

Consider all code and data to be licensed with attribution required. If not otherwise specified, code is under the [MIT license](), data is under the [ODC-By license](http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/by/), and creative content is[[CC-BY 4.0](). If you didn't guess, this project is not official, it is unrelated to Biketown, PBOT, SoBi, etc.

# pointers to Biketown APIs


# pointers to bikeshare apps/analysis


# libs/etc to investigate for mapping and mobile push

- http://turfjs.org/
- https://geoext.github.io/geoext3/
- https://github.com/onury/geolocator
- http://leafletjs.com/
- https://alexgibson.github.io/notify.js/
- https://onsen.io/
- http://openlayers.org/
- http://polymaps.org/
- http://nickersoft.github.io/push.js/
- https://pusher.com/

Commit message:

add official code of conduct

README.md, after:

# about

This repo is here to coordinate hacking on the Biketown APIs. Aside from making cool apps and visualizations, the goal is to recognize how Biketown can be used to increase accessibility to transit for all of Portland.

Because this is Portland, this project is meant for all. The [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) is our official code of conduct; it is at [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). This project isn't just limited to developers; please ask questions as a github issue or reach out on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/tedder42)/[email](mailto:admin@biketown.bike).

Consider all code and data to be licensed with attribution required. If not otherwise specified, code is under the [MIT license](), data is under the [ODC-By license](http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/by/), and creative content is[[CC-BY 4.0](). If you didn't guess, this project is not official, it is unrelated to Biketown, PBOT, SoBi, etc.

# pointers to Biketown APIs


# pointers to bikeshare apps/analysis


# libs/etc to investigate for mapping and mobile push

- http://turfjs.org/
- https://geoext.github.io/geoext3/
- https://github.com/onury/geolocator
- http://leafletjs.com/
- https://alexgibson.github.io/notify.js/
- https://onsen.io/
- http://openlayers.org/
- http://polymaps.org/
- http://nickersoft.github.io/push.js/
- https://pusher.com/
